Music For Depression
When people are dealing with depression, they feel, self-pitying, and miserable. Dealing with that can be very hard, the reason for this is that you will not accept help from parents or friends. There are ways to deal with depression, including music. Music can vary very much and this article will explain most of the attributes of music that can help deal with depression.

	Tempo
	Music that helps deal with depression should have a fast tempo for most of the song to give them adrenaline and make them feel like they need to do something instead of sulking around. When you listen to a slow-tempo song, it usually sounds sad and makes people even more miserable. I recommend sped-up versions of the songs. Regular songs have a tempo of 118 beats per minute, while songs with 140 to 150 beats per minute can make you feel better.

	Tone and Emotion
	If the song has lyrics, the emotion mustn’t reflect the person's state (e.g., sad, heartbroken, etc.) When people listen to sad music it makes them unhappy, adding to the depression. The singer must have an upbeat tone and a high tone. The song may have words that are said longer than usual.

	Lyrics
	If the lyrics are about sadness, it is a bad song to listen to, at the time. When the lyrics are about dealing with sadness or depression, it can inspire you to do the same. Music that encourages you should be included in your playlist. Songs that have random lyrics make people happy.

	Sound
Music that sounds connected or smooth can ease depression. Music can cause headaches when it has loud and random sounds. Flowing music can help your mental state in conquering depression. Loud and extremely high sounds can cause headaches. Headaches will not help you in this state of depression.

Octaves (different ranges of beats)
A higher octave can help cheer you up, while a low octave can make you sad. Four out of five people in my family (including me) think that songs that sound high can make them happy. If the song is too high, it does not sound happy.


In conclusion, most music that helps with depression has a fast tempo, happy emotion, happy lyrics, flowing sounds, and a high octave.

In my opinion, here are two songs I find that can help depression:
Not You-Alan Walker
Unity-Alan Walker
